There are a number of ways to get to the root of a problem when you're
dealing with your team members. Um, one way to do it if you're trying
to address something specific with that team member is avoid making
them defensive as any way you can. It doesn't mean be meek or anything
like that, but maybe approach the problem in directly. Uh, don't
tell them you're doing a terrible job. Uh, what you might be able
to do is Tottenham positively about what something they're doing. Then
discuss the thing they need to fix on. Explain why two. Um, it was
just one mechanism that could be used. Thio. Help get to the root
problem if if someone is causing an issue with your team.